---
layout: post
title:  "Reflective blog entry 2"
---
Description:
At first, I talked with my group members about what research they had done recently. After the conversation, the professor explained what research is. Next, the professor explained the two reasoning methods by comparing induction and deduction. As the next activity, to analyze the research structure, I searched Google Scholar for topics I was interested in and chose research. Then, the professor explained the structure of the research and explained the citation and reference. Next, the professor showed examples of various tables and graphs and explained them. 

Feelings:
When the professor told me there is a group project, a research project, I was afraid because I had never done research, and everything was new. However, I became confident and interested because the professor explained much about the research.

Evaluation:
In explaining the deduction, there was an activity of watching a video. A video illustrated the example of deduction, so it helped to fully understand the meaning of deduction and contributed effectively to learning the difference from induction. Furthermore, when I searched for AI on Google Scholar to find and analyze research papers, I gained information and knowledge that helped me immensely with assignment 1 - research. This is because, in analyzing, I learned about elements essential for research, such as the structure of research, graph shape, and reference. 

Analysis:
The video about deduction shown by the professor was a scene from a movie. Therefore, the video became more exciting and familiar to me and increased my concentration, helping me to successfully understand the difference between deduction and induction, which were difficult to understand. Moreover, because I had never written a research paper, it was not easy to understand the structure of the research and the form of graphs at first. However, the professor explained the research structure in detail using actual research papers as examples and showed graphs of various examples to help understand. 

Conclusion: 
Thanks to this class, I learned the exact meaning of research and studied the structure of research. In addition, the professor explained various examples of graphs and tables and analyzed them. What I learned in this class was about the essential elements of doing research assignments. Therefore, I will review the research structure and practice analyzing graphs and tables because it helps me a lot with research, which is a group project.
