---
layout: post
title:  "Reflective Blog Entry 4!"
---
Description: First, I had time to think about the purpose of a presentation. Next, I thought about the reason why audio should be considered when presenting. Then, my professor showed me various examples of PowerPoint and I did activities to find out what the problems were. After finding the problems, the professor suggested a way to improve it. After that, I learned about the speed of speech and the manner of the presentation when I made a presentation. Next, we learned how to represent trends and details of graphs by looking at examples of various graphs. Finally, I practiced expressing the details and trends of the graph.

evaluation:
The best thing about this class was that we learned about what we could make mistakes when we made powerpoint. This helped me a lot to improve the quality of the powerpoint. In the process of searching powerpoint's common mistakes, I was able to find out about the problems of the powerpoint that I made recently and felt what to fix. Furthermore, learning how to represent trends and details of various types of graphs helped me analyze graphs. There will be a lot of graphs to analyze in the future in college life. Therefore, this class will have a lot of influence on future graph analysis.

analysis:
It would not have helped me much if I had only found common mistakes while looking at the powerpoint of various examples. However, the professor gave me a suggestion on how to fix it and gave me advice, so I learned how to make a powerpoint successfully. Furthermore, after learning how to represent trends and details of graphs by looking at graphs in various examples, we practiced representing graphs. However, I have never expressed a graph in English, so I got lost during practice. Therefore, I asked my partner what I didn't know. She kindly analyzed the graph and taught me words for the graph. Furthermore, she made me an example of a graph and gave me a problem. Thanks to that, I successfully learned how to represent and analyze graphs.
conclusion:
This class was very helpful for the upcoming presentation assignment. Through this class, I studied how to make a powerpoint and how to explain trends and details of the graph. I will not forget and practice more to make a perfect presentation.
