---
layout: post
title:  "Action Plan"
---
After taking the Introduction to Science and Technology course, I gained new learning elements and knowledge and understood them deeply. For example, I learned how to avoid plagiarism, think analytically, and coordinate opinions without conflict when doing group assignments, and these classes will help me a lot in my college life. I will be a student who will gain various and meaningful experiences at RMIT university based on what I learned in this course. In addition, I will become an influential game maker by completing the information technology I will learn over the next three years. However, I am not active in learning, have poor teamwork skills, and lack the ability to study independently. Therefore, I decided to improve those skills. To achieve that, I will go to the RMIT university website and find out about the subjects I will learn in the first semester. In addition, I will ask my seniors' opinions on what I will learn and what I should prepare for on the page called RMIT society on Facebook by September 30. After that, I will go to the RMIT library, find a book about the subjects I will learn in the first semester, and prepare for it so I can follow my first semester classes. This will help me make a habit of studying and become more used to independent learning. My second goal is to increase my coding skills to produce games. To achieve this, I will learn coding skills through Internet lectures and practice coding skills by solving various problems. After the first semester, I will make a simple game using Python, which I will learn in the first semester.
Moreover, whenever I have difficulty learning to code, I will ask my teacher questions to improve my understanding of coding. Finally, I will make an IT-related club to develop my learning ability and IT field at RMIT university. I will listen to the opinions of the club members and always try to lead them. Furthermore, I look forward to improving my coding skills by motivating and giving feedback to each others by participating in various events such as coding competitions and app development among friends with similar interests. Therefore, the teamwork skills that I lack the most will be improved. 
