---
layout: post
title:  "Reflective Blog Entry 1"
---

# Reflective Blog Entry 1
Description:
First, my teacher gave me an overview of what department there is in SST. Then, I shared my thoughts with the group members by talking about what department I will go to, why I chose that department, and what my dream job is. Then, the professor explained the characteristics of various science subjects and minor majors. Finally, he explained what plagiarism is and how to avoid it.

Feelings:
At first, there were many questions about the IT department. So, I had a little bit of fear about the class before I took it. However, my fear of the IT department has decreased because the professor explained information about IT majors and various services in RMIT that help me learn.

Evaluation:
The best activity was to talk about my future career with group members. This activity made me feel that I should try for my future like my friends while listening to various stories of my friends because I was very inspired to see my friends working toward their dreams. Also, when I talked about my dream myself, I became more confident and confident about my dream. Furthermore, when the professor explained about the minor of the IT department and the IT department, what he said made me think a lot about my career path and influenced me a lot in determining my career path.

Analysis:
When talking about their future career with group members, they gave detailed explanations, and various examples of their dreams and expectations for RMIT university’s IT department. Listening to my friends who have different values, I was able to think from various perspectives, which helped me develop myself a lot. At first, I was embarrassed to present my dream and did not have confidence. However, my friends and professor who listened to my presentation gave me compliments and advice about my dream, so I gained confidence in my dream and thought that I should develop further. 

Conclusion:
This introduction class was class that made me feel many things. I will try to develop my dream further through advice from my professor and friends about my dream. When my dream becomes more apparent, I will think about the minor in the IT department that the professor explained and move toward my dream.
