---
layout: post
title:  "Reflective Blog Entry 3"
---

#
Description:
First, the professor gave me time to think about the definition and purpose of the argument. Since then, we have worked on finding the most appropriate argument among various examples. Then, after knowing precisely about the argument, my partner and I worked on creating an argument for the safety of AI development. Next, the professor explained paraphrasing is a way to avoid plagiarism. After that, I did the activity of paraphrasing various sentences. Finally, the professor taught me about synthesizing again, and my partner and I read four articles to find the main content and practice synthesizing.

Feelings: 
When I first learned about paraphrasing and synthesizing, it was difficult to apply them because they were not familiar, so I had a hard time in class, and I was afraid to take classes. However, my understanding of paraphrasing and synthetics increased, and my confidence increased as the professor informed me of them step by step.

Evaluation:
The best part of this class was the activity of practicing synthesizing. Because I fully understood the importance of synthesizing through the exercise. For example, I read four articles and found the main contents of each article to practice synthesizing. Then, I compared and contrasted those and understood the topics the four articles were discussing. In addition, the activity will be helpful when conducting data research for assignment 1 - research. Because I can organize and analyze various resources using the synthesizing skill to make my research more complete. Second, practicing paraphrasing helped me improve my grammar skills. This is because I tried to apply different grammar in the process of paraphrasing and found and applied the most appropriate grammar.

Analysis:
When I learned about synthesis in the Learning to Learn course, I did not successfully finish the synthesis practice due to a lack of reading comprehension and vocabulary. Therefore, I read the reading materials in advance to find words I did not know to follow in this class well. Thanks to the preparation, I followed the class well and successfully finished the activities of practicing synthesis without being blocked. Furthermore, in practicing paraphrasing the sentences presented by the professor, I had difficulty paraphrasing due to my poor understanding of grammar. However, I asked my partner about grammar that I did not know and confusing grammar. As a result, my partner taught me grammar that I did not know in detail and helped me understand it by creating various example sentences to understand it fully. 

Conclusion:
This class was a class that helped the assignment - research a lot. Therefore, I will not forget what I learned in this class, practice, develop more for the assignment, and finish the assignment successfully.
