---
layout: post
title:  "Reflective Blog Entry 1 final"
---

#
Description:
First, my teacher gave me an overview of SST. Then, I shared my thoughts with the group members by talking about what department I will go to, why I chose that department, and what my dream job is. Then, the professor explained the characteristics of various science subjects and minor majors. Finally, he explained what plagiarism is and how to avoid it.

Feelings:
At first, there were many questions about the IT department. So, I had a little bit of fear about the class before I took it. However, my fear of the IT department has decreased because the professor explained information about IT majors and various services that will help me learn in RMIT.

Evaluation:
The best activity was to talk about my future career with group members. I felt that I should try for my future like my friends while listening to various stories of my friends since I was very inspired to see my friends working toward their dreams. In addition, after I talked about my dream myself, I became more confident about my dream. Furthermore, thanks to the professor's explanation of the minor in the IT department, I was able to know what to study for my dream and helped to increase the certainty of my dream.

Analysis:
When talking about their future career with group members, they gave detailed explanations, and various examples of their dreams and expectations for RMIT university’s IT department. Listening to my friends who have different values, I could think from various perspectives, which helped me develop myself for my future career paths. At first, I was not sure about my dream compared to other friends, so I was embarrassed and not confident about my dream. However, my friends and professor who listened to my presentation gave me compliments and advice about my dream, so I gained confidence in my dream and thought that I should develop further. Moreover, the professor explained about various minor in detail and gave examples of various career paths, so I learned what minor I should choose for my dream successfully.

Conclusion:
This introduction class was class that made me feel many things. I will try to develop my dream further through advice from my professor and friends about my dream. When my dream becomes more apparent, I will think about the minor in the IT department that the professor explained and move toward my dream.
